README.md, before:

# 学习编程 (Learn Programming)

## 克隆GitHub仓库到本地 (Clone GitHub Repository to Local)

### 步骤 1: 转至存放仓库的本地目录 (Step 1: Navigate to the directory where you want to clone the repository)

打开终端，导航到你想要存放本地副本的目录。(Open the terminal and navigate to the directory where you want to clone the repository)

```bash
cd ~/Documents/GitHub/  # 例如，假设你习惯将仓库放在 Documents/GitHub 文件夹下 (For example, if you prefer to store the repository in the Documents/GitHub folder)
```

### 步骤 2: 克隆仓库 (Step 2: Clone the repository)

使用 git clone 命令将远程仓库克隆到本地。替换 <https://github.com/username/repository.git> 为实际的仓库URL。(Use the git clone command to clone the repository to your local machine. Replace <https://github.com/username/repository.git> with the actual repository URL.)

```bash
git clone https://github.com/your-username/your-repository.git
```

### 步骤 3: 进入仓库目录 (Step 3: Enter the repository directory)

克隆完成后，进入新创建的仓库目录。(After cloning, enter the repository directory.)

```bash
cd your-repository
```

### 步骤 4: 编辑文件 (Step 4: Edit the files)

使用你喜欢的文本编辑器（如 vim、nano 或直接在VSCode中打开）修改或添加文件。(Use your favorite text editor (such as vim, nano, or directly open it in VSCode) to modify or add files.)

```bash
vim README.md
```

### 步骤 5: 提交更改 (Step 5: Commit the changes)

在做出更改后，使用以下命令将更改添加到暂存区，并提交。(After making changes, use the following commands to add the changes to the staging area and commit them.)

```bash
git add .  # 添加所有改动的文件到暂存区 (Add all modified files to the staging area)
git status  # 可选：查看当前状态，确认待提交的更改 (Optional: View the current status to confirm the changes to be committed)
git commit -m "详细描述你的更改"  # 用有意义的信息提交更改 (Commit the changes with a meaningful message)
```

### 步骤 6: 推送更改到远程仓库Github (Step 6: Push the changes to the remote GitHub repository)

将你的更改推送到远程仓库的主分支（或指定分支）。(Push the changes to the main branch (or a specified branch) of the remote GitHub repository.)

```bash
git push origin main  # 如果主分支名为main；如果是master，则使用git push origin master (If the main branch is named main; if it is master, use git push origin master)
```

Commit message:

add cofigures of global variables

README.md, after:

# 学习编程 (Learn Programming)

## 配置全局用户名和邮箱

### 步骤1：打开终端配置用户名和邮箱（Step 1: Open the terminal to configure the user name and email）

1. 打开终端 (Open the terminal)
2. 输入以下命令，并回车 (Type the following command and press Enter)

```bash
git config --global user.name "Your Name"
```

3. 输入以下命令，并回车 (Type the following command and press Enter)

```bash
git config --global user.email "your-email@example.com"
```

### 步骤2：验证配置是否成功 (Step 2: Verify the configuration)

1. 打开终端 (Open the terminal)
2. 输入以下命令，并回车 (Type the following command and press Enter)

```bash
git config --global --list
```

## 克隆GitHub仓库到本地 (Clone GitHub Repository to Local)

### 步骤 1: 转至存放仓库的本地目录 (Step 1: Navigate to the directory where you want to clone the repository)

打开终端，导航到你想要存放本地副本的目录。(Open the terminal and navigate to the directory where you want to clone the repository)

```bash
cd ~/Documents/GitHub/  # 例如，假设你习惯将仓库放在 Documents/GitHub 文件夹下 (For example, if you prefer to store the repository in the Documents/GitHub folder)
```

### 步骤 2: 克隆仓库 (Step 2: Clone the repository)

使用 git clone 命令将远程仓库克隆到本地。替换 <https://github.com/username/repository.git> 为实际的仓库URL。(Use the git clone command to clone the repository to your local machine. Replace <https://github.com/username/repository.git> with the actual repository URL.)

```bash
git clone https://github.com/your-username/your-repository.git
```

### 步骤 3: 进入仓库目录 (Step 3: Enter the repository directory)

克隆完成后，进入新创建的仓库目录。(After cloning, enter the repository directory.)

```bash
cd your-repository
```

### 步骤 4: 编辑文件 (Step 4: Edit the files)

使用你喜欢的文本编辑器（如 vim、nano 或直接在VSCode中打开）修改或添加文件。(Use your favorite text editor (such as vim, nano, or directly open it in VSCode) to modify or add files.)

```bash
vim README.md
```

### 步骤 5: 提交更改 (Step 5: Commit the changes)

在做出更改后，使用以下命令将更改添加到暂存区，并提交。(After making changes, use the following commands to add the changes to the staging area and commit them.)

```bash
git add .  # 添加所有改动的文件到暂存区 (Add all modified files to the staging area)
git status  # 可选：查看当前状态，确认待提交的更改 (Optional: View the current status to confirm the changes to be committed)
git commit -m "详细描述你的更改"  # 用有意义的信息提交更改 (Commit the changes with a meaningful message)
```

### 步骤 6: 推送更改到远程仓库Github (Step 6: Push the changes to the remote GitHub repository)

将你的更改推送到远程仓库的主分支（或指定分支）。(Push the changes to the main branch (or a specified branch) of the remote GitHub repository.)

```bash
git push origin main  # 如果主分支名为main；如果是master，则使用git push origin master (If the main branch is named main; if it is master, use git push origin master)
```
